#  Testing - Day 10
Welcome to **day 105** of 365 days of code - coding every day for a year, little and often

I sort of thought I'd be really over testing by this point, and don't get me wrong, it is a bit of a slog, I'm definitely learning the lesson of doing this as you go, not all at once, but actually the learning is still good. More importantly, I've found more stuff to edit today in the code I'm testing.

I was looking at the coverage report and seeing that I had a few statements that were missed in the cardclient files, but the more I looked at the missing statements (very similar for each file), the more I couldn't really understand why they were there. They looked like defensive guards, but I'd actually gone back and changed stuff in the data pull itself to guard against it, and with the strict typing, it was just never going to be possible to trigger it. So I got to remove it (hooray), which tidied things up for me and made testing it irrelevant.

I also got the test file for nextcardclient done today as well, so now all of the cards are tested, which is awesome. I'm kind of glad to be past them now, but it definitely gave me the chance to think more and better about the code in them, and apply some of the learnings I've made since I wrote them, so pretty happy about that.

Anyway, more tomorrow!

> [!NOTE]
> For this timetable project I won't be copying the whole codebase into this repo every time I work on it, instead I'll just [link to the repo](https://github.com/ASam08/timetable-app) and even link [direct to the commit here](https://github.com/ASam08/timetable-app/commit/7a7c5a10af86b100639131a8358f36269bba89b0) if someone wants to go have a look at that point in time.

