#  Testing Testing Testing
Welcome to **day 132** of 365 days of code - coding every day for a year, little and often

Well another fun time writing tests...But it's done and it's a wonderful thing, the less said about it the better I think...

I did also merge a bunch of package updates from main into the dev branch, for some reason this had a conflict, although I couldn't really see why, but then when I resolved all the conflicts, I ended up with a bunch of duplicate mapping entries in the pnpm-lock file. I think it's to do with the better-auth install, but either way, it's sorted now and all happily running.

I have cleared out the to-do list, but now I'm adding more:
1. Switch from AUTH_ON defaulting false to defaulting true - I think now that the admin panel is there for basic user management, and the first user is set to always be an admin, this is a logical step.
2. Update the readme - basically remove the reference to the manual work around for approving users, explain the new process, and add screenshots of the admin pages.

Once this feature is done, I think I'll probably take a look at adding in email sending for password resets, invites etc. I guess that will be a whole other thing.

Anyway, more tomorrow!

> [!NOTE]
> For this Tempus I won't be copying the whole codebase into this repo every time I work on it, instead I'll just [link to the repo](https://github.com/ASam08/tempus) and even link [direct to the commit here](https://github.com/ASam08/tempus/commit/5efb2336690c526a2673a73a6dd631be6560c8cc) if someone wants to go have a look at that point in time.

