#  Testing - Day 5
Welcome to **day 100** of 365 days of code - coding every day for a year, little and often

100 Days, it's quite an achievement really to say that you've done something for 100 days straight. It sort of snuck up on me, every day I've updated the README for the last few days I've seen it getting closer, and then today I sort of just forgot that it was 100 days.

I guess it's probably because I feel like I've made massive progress today on the testing front, both in terms of implementation, but also in terms of actually getting my head around it. I guess those two things are linked. Anyway, I have now got tests written for all of the page files, which is pretty cool to be able to say.

I know that the page files are relatively light on actual function, so whilst it feels and looks like alot, it's still only something like 20% of my statements and 47% of my functions, but I'm still giving myself a pat on the back for it. I know that from tomorrow onwards it's possibly going to get a little bit harder.

I do feel like I'm getting more comfortable with the testing theory as well though, not just Jest itself. Making decisions on what I should and shouldn't be testing, and then excluding them from my coverage report, it feels pretty good. I am also seeing why it is a much better practice to do this as I go (next time).

Anyway, that's all for today, 1st 100 days down, I guess 265 left to go... more tomorrow!

> [!NOTE]
> For this timetable project I won't be copying the whole codebase into this repo every time I work on it, instead I'll just [link to the repo](https://github.com/ASam08/timetable-app) and even link [direct to the commit here](https://github.com/ASam08/timetable-app/commit/fdd53d81fa7e838efd47b29c5c55f949a9287d19) if someone wants to go have a look at that point in time.

