#  Admin Done
Welcome to **day 136** of 365 days of code - coding every day for a year, little and often

Bit of a "does what it says on the tin" day today. The admin feature is done, released and the docker package updated! A relatively small amount of code today, just updating the admin page tests to cover the addition of the search filters, and then pushing it all through the release, and therefore package process.

But wait, it wasn't all that straight forward... I was reading a few days ago about the update to pnpm v11 which has been released, and requires some changes to the lockfile. I clicked that it would mean some work on my side for the project, registered that and saved it for later in my mind, I'll do it soon. However when I went to push the release, the packaging workflow failed, during the docker build process, what's up with that? Well it turns out I was using pnpm@latest in the dockerfile, so of course it was now using pnpm v11, but the lockfile hadn't been changed to match.

Simple fix, update the dockerfile to pin to v10, pending the update to v11 for the project, which honestly I'll probably do tomorrow now, a day of housekeeping and then onto the next feature release.

For those keeping track of the to-do list:

- [x] ~~Add in some sort of testing so that I can...~~
- [x] ~~...Sort out some more thorough CI/CD workflows~~
- [x] ~~Swap from auth.js to better-auth. It seems to have a lot more functionality out of the box, something to look into anyway. It would also open the gate towards password resets/changes as well.~~
- [ ] Edit a timetable block, instead of having to delete it and create a new one
- [ ] Multiple timetable sets for a user. Some of the readiness for this exists, but not implemented. Coming with that might also be sharing timetable sets across users...
- [ ] Consider replacing the data/actions files with actual API flows.
- [ ] Maybe internationalisation
- [ ] Future auth improvements - email integration to allow password resets, OAuth, etc.

I think I'll call the auth stuff done for right now, although there is a ton more I could do, OAuth, email for password resets etc. I might move on to the edit timetable block feature, which I think will be relatively straightforward, especially after having done edit users during the admin piece, and then maybe come back to it later.

Anyway, more tomorrow!

> [!NOTE]
> For this Tempus I won't be copying the whole codebase into this repo every time I work on it, instead I'll just [link to the repo](https://github.com/ASam08/tempus) and even link [direct to the commit here](https://github.com/ASam08/tempus/commit/45f2bbde324ac083fe3dc13cec62e95a72459f83) if someone wants to go have a look at that point in time.

