#  Testing - Day 19 - Done!
Welcome to **day 114** of 365 days of code - coding every day for a year, little and often

Done! With the signup-form component now tested, I thought I was done, but it's never quite that simple...

Once I had all the tests written and coverage at 100%, I wanted to add it into my github checks upon pull request, not so tricky, and in short order it was done but...I had failing tests!

So the localdate tests were failing because when I wrote them, I assumed that it would always show according to NZ date formats, DD/MM/YYY, but of course the github actions runner was showing dates in MM/DD/YYY, so it was failing. That caused me to look into how I adjust this, and realised that I wasn't doing date locales very reliably, so I sorted that in the component using navigator.language, then set that to NZ in the tests and all was well, tests were back to passing. I then thought that I should replicate that in the localtime component. Which then caused those tests to fail because of course I didn't update the tests correctly the first time...and it turns out that NZ uses capital AM/PM, vs lowercase am/pm in other regions of the world, who knew?

Anyway, that all sorted, I took it for a test drive and did a package update, ran the checks, and we are away and running now.

I am really glad to have this testing piece done, whilst I've learned alot, it has felt like a bit of a slog and I'll be happy to get stuck into something else now.

I have some more package updates to do, but I also want to add a github actions/use dependabot to help keep some of these updated going forwards, so that might be the plan for tomorrow.

Updating my list from [day 95](../day-95/day-95.md):
- [x] ~~Add in some sort of testing so that I can...~~
- [x] ~~...Sort out some more thorough CI/CD workflows~~
- [ ] I'm considering replacing the data/actions files with actual API flows, which means I can possibly test in a different way, but I guess I should really make that call before I do a large amount of test writing
- [ ] I'm also considering swapping from auth.js to better-auth. It seems to have a lot more functionality out of the box, something to look into anyway. It would also open the gate towards password resets/changes as well
- [ ] Maybe internationalisation
- [ ] Multiple timetable sets for a user. Some of the readiness for this exists, but not implemented. Coming with that might also be sharing timetable sets across users...
- [ ] Edit a timetable block, instead of having to delete it and create a new one

So I guess more tomorrow!

> [!NOTE]
> For this timetable project I won't be copying the whole codebase into this repo every time I work on it, instead I'll just [link to the repo](https://github.com/ASam08/timetable-app) and even link [direct to the commit here](https://github.com/ASam08/timetable-app/commit/d40fd8bca83d7396faa02a1ed888849b200e791f) if someone wants to go have a look at that point in time.

