#  Intermission
Welcome to **day 116** of 365 days of code - coding every day for a year, little and often

After yesterday, I thought I'd be kicking into BetterAuth, but no, something completely different and unrelated today.

I'm in a lotto syndicate here in NZ, we have the same numbers every week, hoping to one day make it rich (yeah right). One of the problems I have is that I want to know if we're millionnaires as soon as possible,but I don't want to have to go and manually check for the numbers (and remember them) each draw, so a few years ago I wrote a little python file that checks it for me. I called it (imaginatively) [NZLottoChecker](https://github.com/ASam08/NZLottoChecker) and I guess it does what it says on the tin. The first time you run it, you give it your numbers, and a url that you can send a post request to (I use a self hosted version of [NTFY](https://ntfy.sh/)). Then set it up to run just after the draw comes out each Wednesday and Saturday, and away you go.

So to the problem, I realised this week that it wasn't sending me the results for the most recent draw, I guess maybe the results were released later than normal or something, but it occurred to me that I can check for that and avoid missing out on that winning notification.

So that's what I did, I went in and added a date check, the API call has the draw date, so I just compare that to the local date, if it's not the same then I wait 5 minutes and try again. I give it a full half an hour, if that still fails, then instead of sending me a "you lose" notification, it lets me know that there's an issue and to check it manually this week.

Whilst I was in there, I tidied up a few bugs that past me never noticed, and that to be fair haven't caused issues so far, but might in the future.

Anyway, that's it, a nice intermission, back to [Tempus](https://github.com/ASam08/Tempus) tomorrow (I think)!
