#  User Migrations
Welcome to **day 140** of 365 days of code - coding every day for a year, little and often

Ok, so today I ran through and created what I think will be the right logic for the user migrations piece. Essentially they'll update, and be set up with a generic email and random password, which will be dislpayed through the logs. The user account will then get a flag against it in a new field specifically for this. Then when they browse to their instance, they'll be greeted with a special "User Migration Setup" page, based off of the flag in the DB. On that page, they'll be asked to provide a name, email and password, which will overwrite the temporary ones. After that, the DB flag gets changed and they can never access that page again.

All of this is theoretical at this point, it's actually a complete pain to test, I have to set up an instance from the current image as a no auth instance, then package up this current one, update the instance to that dev image, and...see what happens I guess. All I can confidently say for now is that if you have auth on already, you definitely can't get to the set up page.

One thing I did think about, was I gave it a really specific URL, I didn't want to go with "set up" as I didn't want to end up needing that URL later on down the track...hopefully "usermigrationsetup" never comes up again...

I'll be sure to take plenty of screenshots of it, when I give it a whirl, tomorrow!

> [!NOTE]
> For this Tempus I won't be copying the whole codebase into this repo every time I work on it, instead I'll just [link to the repo](https://github.com/ASam08/tempus) and even link [direct to the commit here](https://github.com/ASam08/tempus/commit/abd3d1c69ce750cd57898a0980fd7d72085d8148) if someone wants to go have a look at that point in time.

