#  Testing - Day 14
Welcome to **day 109** of 365 days of code - coding every day for a year, little and often

Not a big day in terms of output today, but a good day in terms of learning. I relearned the value of spyOn, something I had completely forgotten about, and as a result I realised that in the last few days I've ended up writing mocks that effectively tried to recreate UseActionState, instead of just...use it.

That actually opened me up to go back to some other tests from the last few days, and fix those up too. I've also been slowly over the last few days working on building the mocks for the shadcn components, the stantdard button one I'm using now has gotten longer and longer, along with a few others, and that is making things work the first time more often. I think once I have all the tests written, I'll then loop back and create the central mocks for these, and go swap them out, at the moment I'm adding gradually to them and improving them, so it's probably not the right time just yet.

Anyway, I managed to pump out tests for the createtimetableform and timetablegridserver components today, another 2 down, less and less to go each day.

More tomorrow!

> [!NOTE]
> For this timetable project I won't be copying the whole codebase into this repo every time I work on it, instead I'll just [link to the repo](https://github.com/ASam08/timetable-app) and even link [direct to the commit here](https://github.com/ASam08/timetable-app/commit/db1ca902bc3f286eac33756847a7773c2e7eec4b) if someone wants to go have a look at that point in time.

