#  Email - Part 11
Welcome to **day 161** of 365 days of code - coding every day for a year, little and often

Read the documentation, then read it again. Lessons from today.

I decided to skip number five in my list and tackle sending the welcome email. I honestly thought this would be pretty straight forward, and it should have been, if I had read the documentation. I thought it would just be as simple as copying the existing hook I had. I didn't realise that it was a database hook... after a bunch of frustration and going round in circles, I read the documentation properly, realised the syntax was different to what I had, then spotted that it was a "database hook" that I was trying to copy instead of the standard hook that I needed. After changing that up, spending 5 minutes debugging only to realise I hadn't made it top level in the auth config, we were away and laughing.

My to-do list from day 157 of things I want to do before publishing this as a release are:
1. ~~Add in the new ENV variables to the startup check~~
2. ~~Make sure that the app will run without the ENV variables (but obviously without the password reset functionality)~~
3. ~~Update the doco~~
4. Tidy up the templates to look a bit nicer
5. ~~Add in the welcome email to the new user flow~~
6. (Day 161) Make sure that the welcome email is optional and doesn't cause an issue when email isn't configured.

Anyway, more tomorrow!

> [!NOTE]
> For this Tempus I won't be copying the whole codebase into this repo every time I work on it, instead I'll just [link to the repo](https://github.com/ASam08/tempus) and even link [direct to the commit here](https://github.com/ASam08/tempus/commit/f7163b063b6d9ba68f2f6982a3000cb84329bb6e) if someone wants to go have a look at that point in time.

