#  Testing - Day 8
Welcome to **day 103** of 365 days of code - coding every day for a year, little and often

You might think that 8 days into writing these unit tests, that I'd be getting a little over it, and to be honest you'd be a little bit right at times. However, it has been quite a good exercise, making me read through the code I've put together and make it make sense all over again. There have been a few things I've tidied up as I've gone along, and also just a few "Aha" moments as I've gone through things, plus a bunch of "I should really consolidate that" things as well.

I'm sure I'll find more of them, and I haven't particularly found any of them today, but it's just something that I've been thinking about.

Anyway, a bit more of a productive day today, with tests written for both the current card and next break card client components. I was hoping to also get the next block client component done, and get the full set, but I guess sometimes you just can't catch them all.

Anyway, some good learns again today with the testing stuff, I think I'm getting more of my head around it, but then each day I say that, I invariably end up with a new challenge the next day so...watch this space?

Anyway, more tomorrow!

> [!NOTE]
> For this timetable project I won't be copying the whole codebase into this repo every time I work on it, instead I'll just [link to the repo](https://github.com/ASam08/timetable-app) and even link [direct to the commit here](https://github.com/ASam08/timetable-app/commit/f6789d26590c5dbde0f7dc975372c3cd8addafd9) if someone wants to go have a look at that point in time.

