#  Central Mocks - Part 8
Welcome to **day 180** of 365 days of code - coding every day for a year, little and often

Another niggly one today, dropdown-menu. I had two wildly different mocks present, so after a bit of looking at them, I worked out the best way to put it together. I then ran the tests and it turns out that my test for the dark mode selector has been wrong this whole time. It was just testing by clicking dark or light mode directly, not clicking the button first to open the dropdown menu. I guess the way I had the mock wired let that happen, but no more! A quick tweak of the tests and that is all working nice and normally now too.

- [x] alert-dialog
- [ ] badge - Could be removed?
- [x] button
- [x] card
- [x] checkbox
- [ ] combobox - Could be removed?
- [ ] dialog - Could be removed?
- [x] dropdown-menu
- [x] field
- [x] hover-card
- [ ] input-group - Could be removed?
- [x] input
- [x] label
- [x] pagination
- [x] popover
- [x] select
- [ ] separator - Could be removed?
- [ ] sonner
- [x] table
- [x] textarea

I still haven't looked at removing components, but I guess that's all I have left to do now isn't it, so I suppose I know what I'm doing tomorrow...

> [!NOTE]
> For this Tempus I won't be copying the whole codebase into this repo every time I work on it, instead I'll just [link to the repo](https://github.com/ASam08/tempus) and even link [direct to the commit here](https://github.com/ASam08/tempus/commit/be6c7f0260d7552aa9a4a961c4549637590fcc08) if someone wants to go have a look at that point in time.

