#  Central Mocks - Part 4
Welcome to **day 176** of 365 days of code - coding every day for a year, little and often

Ok, so I didn't have much time again today, but I did manage to get on a bit of a roll. I started off by putting together that list I mentioned yesterday, so now I can tick them off and actually see how close I am to catching them all...

I then went through the list, and as you can see below, started to look if there were any that were never called as mocks, and therefore potentially not used. There are a good few of them, but I don't want to remove them from the project straight away as I know sometimes with shadcn, one component can depend on another, so I'll have to do that carefully.

I then kicked into some of the really low-hanging fruit, and managed to knock off Card, Label & TextArea, not bad for the time I had.

- [x] alert-dialog
- [ ] badge - Could be removed?
- [x] button
- [x] card
- [ ] checkbox
- [ ] combobox - Could be removed?
- [ ] dialog - Could be removed?
- [ ] dropdown-menu
- [x] field
- [ ] hover-card
- [ ] input-group - Could be removed?
- [x] input
- [x] label
- [ ] pagination
- [ ] popover
- [ ] select
- [ ] separator - Could be removed?
- [ ] sonner
- [ ] table
- [x] textarea

Anyway, that's it for today, more tomorrow!

> [!NOTE]
> For this Tempus I won't be copying the whole codebase into this repo every time I work on it, instead I'll just [link to the repo](https://github.com/ASam08/tempus) and even link [direct to the commit here](https://github.com/ASam08/tempus/commit/295bd008bf5cc057d16f9dcfa5396e7ca6d423ff) if someone wants to go have a look at that point in time.

