#  Email - Part 2
Welcome to **day 149** of 365 days of code - coding every day for a year, little and often

Today's objective was to work out the bones of the password reset piece. I just wanted to get a password reset email to my inbox, and I achieved that. I can't do anything with that email right now, but that's a problem for another day (hint, tomorrow).

Anyway, I had a few hiccups along the way, better-auth guides think the templates should be stored in the auth component, resend thinks they should be stored separately (I agree with resend). Resend docs suggest using and API route to send emails, but I could see that being potentially tricky, and have seen a lot of lib/email.ts files in other nextjs projects and went with that instead. I think especially because I want to do have both resend and SMTP available, it probably makes sense to have a library file for the whole email piece.

So after working through all that, I chucked together a really basic (I mean basic) password reset page, just to check the logic. Of course it has to be called unauthenticated as if you knew your password...

Anyway, it all worked and I'm pleased with that. Alot to tidy up, this really was just the barebones today, prove the logic works, now I get to go make it look nice, oh and have somewhere to actually reset the password.

More tomorrow!

> [!NOTE]
> For this Tempus I won't be copying the whole codebase into this repo every time I work on it, instead I'll just [link to the repo](https://github.com/ASam08/tempus) and even link [direct to the commit here](https://github.com/ASam08/tempus/commit/1944b8352aaecb2a7910ae40fce04205338aba66) if someone wants to go have a look at that point in time.

