#  Fix It Right
Welcome to **day 138** of 365 days of code - coding every day for a year, little and often

When you're making an app as a team of one, you *get* to make all the decisions, but you also *have* to make all the decisions...And when you just broke the app and have a temporary fix in place, you *get* to make them fast. 

The problem is, whatever decision I make, I sort of have to live with for the long term, creting a dummy user prevents me from forcing the auth thing later on, migrating everyone is pretty final too, but to be honest I've decided that's the right way to go. These days, even just running locally, protecting the data by forcing auth is the way to go. If I want to make the data more easily accessible without a login later on down the track, I can do that with an API key (coincidentally, something you can do with better-auth).

Anyway, I spent today working out the migration strategy, I effectively created an empty drizzle migration, and some logic in the instrumentation file that checks if that particular migration has run in the last half an hour (it will always have just run the first time it is started up), then if it has, it creates a random password and an email address for admin@tempus.local, which is displayed in the docker logs for them to retrieve. The email can currently be changed, password not so much, so I might revisit that. I'm tempted to opt for a setup page approach where if you connect to an instance that has just been migrated in this way, you'll get directed to a user page to add your info. A decision for me to think about in the next day or two.

That's it for today though, more tomorrow, including removing all of the AUTH_ON === false logic...

> [!NOTE]
> For this Tempus I won't be copying the whole codebase into this repo every time I work on it, instead I'll just [link to the repo](https://github.com/ASam08/tempus) and even link [direct to the commit here](https://github.com/ASam08/tempus/commit/7495917b29312a9e5b001dfb0d136f21e37d456f) if someone wants to go have a look at that point in time.

