#  Dependabot
Welcome to **day 115** of 365 days of code - coding every day for a year, little and often

Today was a bit of a tidy up day, but helped by the addition of Dependabot to the repo finally. I could have set up dependabot earlier for sure, but I didn't want to be doing package updates without the component testing being in place. I know it's not as thorough as having end to end testing as well, but it gives me some more comfort than I had. So that was the goal today, get dependabot in then let it do it's thing. And, well, it did!

10 minor/patch version updates and 2 major version updates, all done in the space of about 15 minutes thanks to dependabot and the jest testing, sort of makes the last 2 and a half weeks feel a bit more worth it, that's for sure.

I realised I probably pre-emtively closed off the CI/CD workflows task yesterday, seeing as how I hadn't added in dependabot, but below is the working list. I have switched things around a bit as I think the next thing is the better-auth piece, followed by edit the timetable block and then multiple timetable sets.

- [x] ~~Add in some sort of testing so that I can...~~
- [x] ~~...Sort out some more thorough CI/CD workflows~~
- [ ] Swap from auth.js to better-auth. It seems to have a lot more functionality out of the box, something to look into anyway. It would also open the gate towards password resets/changes as well.
- [ ] Edit a timetable block, instead of having to delete it and create a new one
- [ ] Multiple timetable sets for a user. Some of the readiness for this exists, but not implemented. Coming with that might also be sharing timetable sets across users...
- [ ] Consider replacing the data/actions files with actual API flows.
- [ ] Maybe internationalisation

So I guess we know what I'm starting on tomorrow...more then!

> [!NOTE]
> For this timetable project I won't be copying the whole codebase into this repo every time I work on it, instead I'll just [link to the repo](https://github.com/ASam08/tempus) and even link [direct to the commit here](https://github.com/ASam08/tempus/commit/66f1d35a97c1ab96e288bdac7f564f850fd23afa) if someone wants to go have a look at that point in time.

