#  Reduce Reuse Recycle
Welcome to **day 168** of 365 days of code - coding every day for a year, little and often

I wanted to get started today on the edit form, but I realised I needed the backend to make that work, so today was spent sorting out the actions and data pulls needed for the edit block form. The first piece was weirdly to update the conflict check to add in an optional parameter for the current block ID, since I don't want to prevent updates if the changes to the block conflict with itself, otherwise shortening a block by 15 minutes for example would be blocked due to conflict. I also didn't want to write a completely new function for this, when it can be catered for with just a minor adjustment to the existing one.

Then I got into the edit block logic itself. This did need it's own function, however I had the add block function as a starting point, I could edit this and reuse alot of the old function for the checks etc. including the zod checks and conflict check initiation.

I then updated the tests for the data and actions files to account for these changed and new functions.

Now, hopefully I can get onto the form itself tomorrow!

> [!NOTE]
> For this Tempus I won't be copying the whole codebase into this repo every time I work on it, instead I'll just [link to the repo](https://github.com/ASam08/tempus) and even link [direct to the commit here](https://github.com/ASam08/tempus/commit/afb94472ad0d131a4a4bf6c6e8fcc74c65a925bb) if someone wants to go have a look at that point in time.

