#  Email - Part 15
Welcome to **day 165** of 365 days of code - coding every day for a year, little and often

Ok, after updating the email.ts test file, I ran through the last of the testing, merged into main, ran a test docker build (probably should have done those two things the other way around), and created the release. It is all working and live now.

Harking back to day 147 when I started this:
> My approach is (hopefully) simple: 
> - First add [Resend](https://resend.com/docs/send-with-nextjs). I haven't worked with Resend before, but it seems to be the standard to go with now, so let's roll with that.
> - Set up all the basic email stuff, welcome email upon join, password resets, all the MSP (Minimum Shippable Product - not sure if this is a thing, but it is for me now). Once I get to this point, it will go into a first release.
> - Then add in the ability to send email via SMTP, so self-hosters aren't tied in to Resend, probably using something like NodeMailer.

To be honest I'm pretty pleased with how it's turned out, I will go back and do the SMTP part at some point, maybe soon. For now I'm happy to have the feature out the door, and I think I've learnt alot delivering it, so everyone's a winner there (mostly me).

Tomorrow I really need to address some package updates, it looks like Better Auth has one that needs a migration so is failing through dependabot, so I'll take a look at things there, probably an admin day in that respect, see you then!

> [!NOTE]
> For this Tempus I won't be copying the whole codebase into this repo every time I work on it, instead I'll just [link to the repo](https://github.com/ASam08/tempus) and even link [direct to the commit here](https://github.com/ASam08/tempus/commit/00d84726dd554325773cf50f5db2769ea00f1c26) if someone wants to go have a look at that point in time.

