#  And More Testing...
Welcome to **day 172** of 365 days of code - coding every day for a year, little and often

Man these days writing tests are such a drag, I know it is helpful in the long run but really...

Anyway, after a bunch of false starts, dead ends and trap doors, I eventually got the tests all written out and, importantly, passing. That marks the end of the feature for the edit-block, something that I really should have had much earlier, but if I think about it, I probably wouldn't have written it in the same way if I had, so I guess I'm glad I didn't.

I guess that's another important one ticked off the list:
- [x] ~~Add in some sort of testing so that I can...~~
- [x] ~~...Sort out some more thorough CI/CD workflows~~
- [x] ~~Swap from auth.js to better-auth. It seems to have a lot more functionality out of the box, something to look into anyway. It would also open the gate towards password resets/changes as well.~~
- [x] ~~Future auth improvement - email integration to allow password resets~~
- [x] ~~Edit a timetable block, instead of having to delete it and create a new one~~
- [ ] Multiple timetable sets for a user. Some of the readiness for this exists, but not implemented. Coming with that might also be sharing timetable sets across users...
- [ ] Consider replacing the data/actions files with actual API flows.
- [ ] Maybe internationalisation
- [ ] Future auth improvement - Other sign in methods OAuth, etc.
- [ ] Future auth improvement - Allow logged in user password change

Let's see what tomorrow brings for what we start next...

> [!NOTE]
> For this Tempus I won't be copying the whole codebase into this repo every time I work on it, instead I'll just [link to the repo](https://github.com/ASam08/tempus) and even link [direct to the commit here](https://github.com/ASam08/tempus/commit/bc1490dc502a712cf28103ec875dd67bbcebe922) if someone wants to go have a look at that point in time.

