#  Testing - Day 16
Welcome to **day 111** of 365 days of code - coding every day for a year, little and often

It feels like there is light at the end of the tunnel, finally... Today I managed to get a bit more done, tackling the last of the timetable components, but probably the biggest, the timetablegrid component, the one that actually renders the timetable.

It was a bit of a beast to be honest, a lot of coming and going, and putting into practice the learnings from the last few weeks. I have been finding in particularly helpful to write up my own test file first, then load the component and the test file into Claude and ask it to check for any issues, missed test cases etc. and it comes back with any changes. It sometimes recommends changes to the code itself as well, but it has been particularly helpful for the test file writing, almost like the pair programming style that I've mentioned before.

Anyway, with that one done, there are only a few files left to go, and only one of them is a ui one. I do still have the beast that is the actions file, that might have to be the next one to go for, get it over any done with. More tomorrow!

> [!NOTE]
> For this timetable project I won't be copying the whole codebase into this repo every time I work on it, instead I'll just [link to the repo](https://github.com/ASam08/timetable-app) and even link [direct to the commit here](https://github.com/ASam08/timetable-app/commit/5106bc6ee67877053e582c75fb8ff7313a7fea98) if someone wants to go have a look at that point in time.

