#  Email - Part 1
Welcome to **day 148** of 365 days of code - coding every day for a year, little and often

I know, I know, it's another series (sarcastic party popper?), but I kicked off the add email stuff today, and it's definitely going to be a multi-part piece.

My approach is (hopefully) simple: 
- First add [Resend](https://resend.com/docs/send-with-nextjs). I haven't worked with Resend before, but it seems to be the standard to go with now, so let's roll with that.
- Set up all the basic email stuff, welcome email upon join, password resets, all the MSP (Minimum Shippable Product - not sure if this is a thing, but it is for me now). Once I get to this point, it will go into a first release.
- Then add in the ability to send email via SMTP, so self-hosters aren't tied in to Resend, probably using something like NodeMailer.

Anyway, today, I started with the Resend piece. I just wanted to get it in and test it, so I basically created a page, with a button, that sends me an email when I press the button, saying Welcome [name]. Not fancy, just a test piece, and guess what, it works (hooray).

Tomorrow will be working out using it a bit more in anger, so stay tuned for that!

> [!NOTE]
> For this Tempus I won't be copying the whole codebase into this repo every time I work on it, instead I'll just [link to the repo](https://github.com/ASam08/tempus) and even link [direct to the commit here](https://github.com/ASam08/tempus/commit/89a01612482171f9407b3905240c8f8c24b36924) if someone wants to go have a look at that point in time.

