#  Workaround
Welcome to **day 137** of 365 days of code - coding every day for a year, little and often

Imagine my surprise this morning, when my own docker container for Tempus updated, and then all of a sudden I couldn't log in! Why?

Well it after looking at the logs, I found the answer, I'll just paste verbatim the PR comment that I made when adding the workaround for the issue. It's important to note that I don't actually use auth in this instance that I'm running (yet):

>Fixes a bug introduced in 0.6.0 and 0.6.1 where users with AUTH_ON set to false will fail to start the app due to a failing drizzle migration.
>
>Essentially adding the foreign keys from the timetable_sets, user_settings and user_timetable_sets tables for the userid field causes the migration to fail because with AUTH_ON set to false, no user is created in the users table.
>
>Workaround is to remove the alterations to add these foreign keys in the migration, whilst I work on a permanent resolution

Yeah, nothing to do with the auth implementation at all really, an extra thing that I added in, back on day-123, that I thought would cause no issues, yeah right (anyone from NZ here?).

So I've put in the workaround, it's not perfect, anybody who is running auth (I don't actually know if anyone apart from me is running this anyway) isn't affected, and won't be hurt by this, but essentially I've just edited the migration to comment out the lines causing the issue. What I will have to do is re-do the migration, but try not to crash anyone who has already successfully applied it. But first I have to fix the actual issue. Right now I can't see a good option, well I can but...I can either create a dummy user using a migration, with a dummy password and email and everything, or I can actually just remove the no-auth thing, and force everyone down the auth path. One of those options is probably easier, but not so great quality wise, the other is not so great to implement but probably the right thing to do, I guess we'll find out tomorrow which way I go...

More tomorrow!

> [!NOTE]
> For this Tempus I won't be copying the whole codebase into this repo every time I work on it, instead I'll just [link to the repo](https://github.com/ASam08/tempus) and even link [direct to the commit here](https://github.com/ASam08/tempus/commit/fc38c8c2bc44a16a5cc4498d7342e27168e98154) if someone wants to go have a look at that point in time.

