#  Last Timetable Set
Welcome to **day 183** of 365 days of code - coding every day for a year, little and often

I ended up with quite a few things to work through by the end of yesterday, so I set about them today. First I tackled storing the last viewed timetable in settings. This actually was pretty straight forward, as I had alot of the infrastructure already in place, it just needed some tweaking or replicating in parts. As part of setting that up, I also set it so that there is a check when the selected ID is calculated, to make sure that the user is actually the owner of that set, otherwise there is a risk of data leak between users. I also added logging for when this happens as it will normally mean that someone has tried to enter a random or known UUID into the URL, and it's good to be able to monitor that.

Second, I replaced the !user_id showing a message to please login with a redirect to the login page. I still think it's probably not possible to get into this situation, but it's good to have this in as a guard.

Not bad for today, still a few things to tackle, not looking forward to number 5...

1. ~~I want to store the last viewed timetable in settings (I think this is the right place to do it) so that it pulls that as the timetable to view next time you navigate to the timetable page, at the moment, it's just the first one alphabetically.~~
2. ~~I need to handle the !user_id better than a message that says please log in, in theory this shouldn't be possible now with better-auth, but good to have it catered for.~~
3. I will need to adjust the add block and edit block components to receive the timetablesetid to make sure they update the correct timetable set and not cause issues.
4. Update the dashboard page to account for multiple timetables.
5. My old friend tests...

More tomorrow!

> [!NOTE]
> For this Tempus I won't be copying the whole codebase into this repo every time I work on it, instead I'll just [link to the repo](https://github.com/ASam08/tempus) and even link [direct to the commit here](https://github.com/ASam08/tempus/commit/e87c800361fb86bf1b739bc77ffdc39b8b44c52f) if someone wants to go have a look at that point in time.

