#  Central Mocks - Part 7
Welcome to **day 179** of 365 days of code - coding every day for a year, little and often

Today actually turned out to be a bit of a painful one. I went through and updated the central mock for the select component, but found when I did that, it started breaking things on component tests for other shadcn components. It actually turned out to be a bit of a red herring, I was getting failures for the alert-dialog, which had me thinking I hadn't tested it properly yesterday. But no, it turns out that the test was failing because alert dialog wasn't showing, but the reason it wasn't was because the select one wasn't working properly. Basically I have two implementations of select, one has a default value and the other doesn't, and I just hadn't handled correctly for that.

Anyway, all sorted now, and another one added to the done list.

- [x] alert-dialog
- [ ] badge - Could be removed?
- [x] button
- [x] card
- [x] checkbox
- [ ] combobox - Could be removed?
- [ ] dialog - Could be removed?
- [ ] dropdown-menu
- [x] field
- [x] hover-card
- [ ] input-group - Could be removed?
- [x] input
- [x] label
- [x] pagination
- [x] popover
- [x] select
- [ ] separator - Could be removed?
- [ ] sonner
- [x] table
- [x] textarea

And that's all for today, more tomorrow!

> [!NOTE]
> For this Tempus I won't be copying the whole codebase into this repo every time I work on it, instead I'll just [link to the repo](https://github.com/ASam08/tempus) and even link [direct to the commit here](https://github.com/ASam08/tempus/commit/b3119ed2a6f68ee8ec1ab0f3e614a9cc5062a22f) if someone wants to go have a look at that point in time.

