#  Testing - Day 18
Welcome to **day 113** of 365 days of code - coding every day for a year, little and often

Oh it's so close I can nearly touch it. We are officially down to just one more component to write tests for any then we are done with the Jest stuff.

I know I can't say I'm done with testing, I need to look at some end to end testing, and of course I need to maintain the tests now, but honestly I think I really will need to do something else for just a little bit after nearly 3 weeks on this.

Anyway, the progress: I wrote the tests for the utils file today, pretty straight forward and all working well there. Then I took a look at the signupschema file. Really this shouldn't be it's own file, based on the fact that all of the other schema for validation sits in the actions file, and the definitions sit in the definitions file. So I moved them, all happy and working, except, it cause some of my tests in the actions file to start failing. Of course I had mocked up the schema before as it wasn't in the file, but now I needed to make some adjustments to cater for it actually being testable (is that a word?). Either way, that was all done with relatively little fuss and now there is just that one component left to write tests for.

I guess that means, more tomorrow!

> [!NOTE]
> For this timetable project I won't be copying the whole codebase into this repo every time I work on it, instead I'll just [link to the repo](https://github.com/ASam08/timetable-app) and even link [direct to the commit here](https://github.com/ASam08/timetable-app/commit/1a69694d04fb0bdf63122a5f88d10dcaff25f18e) if someone wants to go have a look at that point in time.

