#  Multiple Timetables Done
Welcome to **day 189** of 365 days of code - coding every day for a year, little and often

Well today was a pretty straightforward day, I mentioned yesterday that I had found an issue with the deleteblock function, I realised that I had never put a server side block ownership check on the delete function. Luckily, I have the timetable set ownership check function, and it wasn't a massive leap to replicate that with a few adjustments to create a timetable block ownership check function.

Following that, it was just about adding it to the delete function, and then update the tests, and we are done!

I'm pretty pleased with the multiple timetable sets piece. It also opens the door for sharing sets, albeit that might be a bit further down the road. It's nice to tick off something else on the list below as well, even though I've added in the sharing sets as a future piece.

I do need to think a little more about the sets piece before that, probably an edit set option, and also use the description that is optional when creating a set, because at the moment that is just never used, anywhere...

Anyway, that's enough for today, the PR is done, release released and docker image updated, more tomorrow!

- [x] ~~Add in some sort of testing so that I can...~~
- [x] ~~...Sort out some more thorough CI/CD workflows~~
- [x] ~~Swap from auth.js to better-auth. It seems to have a lot more functionality out of the box, something to look into anyway. It would also open the gate towards password resets/changes as well.~~
- [x] ~~Future auth improvement - email integration to allow password resets~~
- [x] ~~Edit a timetable block, instead of having to delete it and create a new one~~
- [x] ~~Multiple timetable sets for a user. Some of the readiness for this exists, but not implemented. Coming with that might also be sharing timetable sets across users...~~
- [ ] Sharing timetables across users
- [ ] Consider replacing the data/actions files with actual API flows.
- [ ] Maybe internationalisation
- [ ] Future auth improvement - Other sign in methods OAuth, etc.
- [ ] Future auth improvement - Allow logged in user password change

> [!NOTE]
> For this Tempus I won't be copying the whole codebase into this repo every time I work on it, instead I'll just [link to the repo](https://github.com/ASam08/tempus) and even link [direct to the commit here](https://github.com/ASam08/tempus/commit/bc326ea772bb0a84e2bd97947f02a4aa4ebdf0da) if someone wants to go have a look at that point in time.

