#  Ironing It Out
Welcome to **day 141** of 365 days of code - coding every day for a year, little and often

Well, I didn't get to test the update through today on a proper no-auth instance, I did however (hopefully) iron out some issues.

I started off by updating my docker workflow in github to allow me to run it manually, seleciting a branch and a tag that isn't latest or the SemVer tags. That was pretty straight forward, so I gave it a crack at creating the image, and it failed... I guess I really should have run pnpm build locally first (learning), as there had been an unintended consequence of the change.

Because I was adding the field to better-auth itself, it caused a bunch of issues with the built in types, particularly around the edit user flow. So I took a step back and realised I probably don't need better-auth to handle that particular field, a server action is going to do what's needed, without adding any complexity for such an unused function.

Anyway, after a bit of work, that's what I've got together, and guess what pnpm build works successfully (hooray). It also builds the container image, but I'm out of time for today, so I guess testing it will be a tomorrow job (again). More tomorrow!

> [!NOTE]
> For this Tempus I won't be copying the whole codebase into this repo every time I work on it, instead I'll just [link to the repo](https://github.com/ASam08/tempus) and even link [direct to the commit here](https://github.com/ASam08/tempus/commit/65d9f1224e00c521f763078c7f87947449edd5fd) if someone wants to go have a look at that point in time.

