#  Testing - Day 17
Welcome to **day 112** of 365 days of code - coding every day for a year, little and often

Well, it turns out while I did my coding yesterday, and wrote it up, I completely forgot to commit the md file for yesterday, whoops! To be fair I'm pretty pleased I managed to get to day 111 before it happened, it was bound to at some point.

Anyway, on to today. I wanted to tackle the actions file today, but before I did, it needed a bit of tidying up. For starters I had a few types in there which had no business being there so they got moved out to the definitions file, which isn't tested.

Then it was onto the test writing. And there was a lot to cover here, so I'll be honest, I had a crack at it myself, but I did let Claude do a bit of the heavy lifting of writing a good chunk of the cases. Yes I have reviewed them, and made sure coverage was 100%, but no I didn't write them all myself.

And in a turn of events, it all worked, no big dramas, just success... so I guess that's that one done...

Anyway, more tomorrow I guess, getting really close to having the coverage at 100% for everything now!

> [!NOTE]
> For this timetable project I won't be copying the whole codebase into this repo every time I work on it, instead I'll just [link to the repo](https://github.com/ASam08/timetable-app) and even link [direct to the commit here](https://github.com/ASam08/timetable-app/commit/8074c311bb2946787b02950bad4f8ea94ddcf4f5) if someone wants to go have a look at that point in time.

